(upbeat music)
♪ All I wanna do when I
wake up in the morning ♪
♪ Is see your eyes ♪
♪ Rosanna, Rosanna ♪
♪ I never thought that a girl like you ♪
♪ Could ever care for me ♪
♪ Rosanna ♪
♪ All I wanna do in the
middle of the evening ♪
♪ Is hold you tight ♪
♪ Rosanna, Rosanna ♪
♪ I didn't know you were looking ♪
♪ For more than I could ever be ♪
♪ Not quite a year since you went away ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
♪ Now she's gone and I have to say ♪
♪ Meet you all the way ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
♪ I can see your face still
shining through the window ♪
♪ On the other side ♪
♪ Rosanna, Rosanna ♪
♪ I didn't know that a girl like you ♪
♪ Could make me feel so sad ♪
♪ Rosanna ♪
♪ All I wanna tell you ♪
♪ Is now you'll never
ever have to compromise ♪
♪ Rosanna, Rosanna ♪
♪ I never thought that losing
you could ever hurt so bad ♪
♪ Not quite a year since you went away ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
♪ Now she's gone and I have to say ♪
♪ Meet you all the way ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
(upbeat melancholic music)
♪ Not quite a year since you went away ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
♪ Now she's gone and I have to say ♪
♪ Meet you all the way, yeah, yeah, girl ♪
♪ Meet you all the way ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
♪ Meet you all the way
ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah ♪
♪ Meet you all the way ♪
♪ Rosanna, yeah ♪
(playful music)
(playful music continues)